---
#
# WARNING: this is a generated file, modifications will be DISCARDED!!
#
# used command:
# ad-gen-py-api
#    --module-dir "../amazfit-2-dynamic-core/" 
#    --title "Amazfit 2 Chip API Reference" 
#    --image "smart-chip-2.jpg" 
#    --description "Python library to connect with the Amazfit Smart Core 2" 
#    "amazfit" 
#

date: 2020-01-23T13:12:39+01:00
comment: "Documentation generated by Arco Docs Python API generator"
title: "Amazfit 2 Chip API Reference"
description: "Python library to connect with the Amazfit Smart Core 2"
image: "smart-chip-2.jpg"
---

# Amazfit 2 Chip API Reference

## class index:
* <a href="#anchor-class-Core2">Core2</a>

<hr>

# <span class="api-module">amazfit</span> API Documentation

## Class <span class="api-class">Core2</span> {#anchor-class-Core2}

This class provides access to the **Huami Smart Chip** (version 2),
which could be found on Amazfit or Xiaomi sneakers. Use this class to
discover a new device, connect and pair to it, retrieve device
information, orientation, steps, etc.

For some of the properties, it also supports a push mechanism which
allows to receive **notifications** when the property changes.


### <span class="api-func">`__init__`</span>

```py
def __init__(self, address, name='', key=None)
```

<br>Smart Chip (a.k.a **Dyanmic Core 2**) constructor. This is the basic
object you need to instantiate. It could be created **directly**
(providing the device address) or performing a **discovery** with the
`.find()` method (explained later).

**Parameters:**

* `address`, the **Bluetooth** MAC address of the device to connect. It
  should be in the form *aa:bb:cc:dd:ee:ff* (case insensitive).
* `name`, *[optional]* the name of the device. It also could be obtained
  later from the device itself.
* `key`: *[optional]* the encription **key** (AES/ECB) used to pair with
  the device. If not provided, it will be **generated** randomly.


### <span class="api-func">`connect`</span>

```py
def connect(self)
```

<br>Try to connect to the device, using the provided address. Returns when
then connection is **established**. If the device is not present (before
the *timeout* expires), it will raise an exception. This method **must**
be called **before** any other operation.

